devLog/8-24.txt
#I have started this github repo not only to capture my work, but to build a corpus of work I could present from if I so needed.
I have many ideas spinning in my head, and its easy to get confused, so running my ideas into a version control software is gonna do great.
I can see my ideas come to life.spin up a couple servers if I must.  I dont't know why I didn't think of it sooner.

#I think its great great idea to sanitize your desktop every fortnight. I keep all of my important things on a removable HardDrive with a capacity of 2TB.
it works out and as long as I use linux, nothing special to access my data.  I use Kali Linux and Ubuntu Desktop or server.  
With the security in mind to harden the system better each time you reset it. I am using Lynis and watching the reports to
 better the system.  Lynis is a great tool for the cybersecurity arena.

#I can create bash scripts to help speed the process along. Called automation can drastically reduce down-time.  
You could also write bash scripts to fill in databases, lists, and the list goes on.  Scripts are amazing when using Nmap,
there are so many combinations to use to apply on any IP address.  JavaScript is also a viable option for full stack. Mixed Reviews.
certain functions could possibly just a series of bash scripts if one wished.

#I would love to start this success off with strong goals. I want to write a book, and I want to code a game.
I beleive it would be outstanding in my portfolio. Also great experience I could maybe write a video about.

#When I started my tech journey, I knew it wasn't going to be easy.  I understood I would have alot of competition.
I know right now I am not the best.  But I have a passion to be number 1.  I know that if I perservere, I can be the developer
everybody wants.  Proper motivation, right attitude, and special eye for presentation will allow anybody to succeed.

# Refreshing on certain topics is never a bad idea. I heard someone say that Go is one of the easiest languages to learn. I want to  learn it I am doing a deep dive into backend, and I truly want to use a code base I could learn from.  As we start our journey I learned that it is a best practice to annotate your code base.  So in honor of that I am notating everything I commit. Furthermore, I will be notating my cose as I build it. Encouraging others as I do so. So that newcomers to the field may pick up a great habit. 